peachie fam welcome to a vlog I'm in a
hotel and the Bulls Angeles California
but we'll get to that later everyone has
been talking about the iPhone 10
recently I have been very excited about
it so when the pre-order hit I was right
there I was ready to get my iPhone 10
phone but something about people on the
East Coast or something didn't get in I
didn't get in until 10 minutes after
3:00 and that beautiful white 256
gigabyte I phone 10 I got but not until
the very end but you see Sarah what's at
you have an iPhone yes I do I managed to
get my hands on a black iPhone 10 I've
been using that for the entire month
basically I've been doing some video
comparisons with it but an opportunity
came up to where someone is hooking me
up with my white iPhone 10 before my
pre-order comes so Sarah what did you do
with that black iPhone 10 that you use
you just send it back I did not send it
back this this is my boyfriend John for
John's birthday weekend we had so much
fun and Jeannie was in town my mom so
bonus points for that
today
birthday how is he going to an emoji me
back when I an emoji him if he doesn't
have an iPhone so I gave them the iPhone
10 first birthday I'm brother John John
what's up
happy birthday thank you what'd you get
oh you know just that my tea sauce boom
not only is an iPhone but it's an apple
oh my god and is there not an X on it
thanks baby
X I found X most people say I have an X
I know like the iPhone 10 thing that
like you got so much help for it
exactly now it's like normal to say X
yeah it's like most people call it
iPhone X all of my friends like I don't
know I spelled I'm like I know for sure
it's called a Content that so enough
iPhone 10 talk yesterday in New York was
the most little day ever
hey guys how are you doing today very
exciting day I'm getting some
accessories for my custom-built he see I
haven't talked about this guy in a
minute with all of the moving that we
have been doing so a trip to be an H and
also some new friends first new friend
what are you doing here
[Music]
amazing amazing so tell the Peachy fan a
little bit about what you do I have a
YouTube channel and polish and in
English the English one is about Japan
specifically but I live in Tokyo and
they do video production there and she
does video production with this other
youtuber what's your name what do you do
where your friends my name is Chris I'm
from Poland I do daily vlogging and we
live together in thank you so in between
them there's four YouTube channels
should go check out they are amazing but
before we had to be in each let's get
some grub
I've been wanting to go to this brunch
lunch place called Jack's white
something it looks delicious
[Music]
it looks like it's a beautiful mirror
here
[Music]
their first experience on the subway I
went to buy a MetroCard and I got the
receipt for the MetroCard but I never
got the pose not the MetroCard oh I can
put this in an envelope which I can't
get the envelope here but I can get it
at another station and then send that
bill at one and get the money back or no
get a card with the money back I'm only
gonna be here for like a week so why
don't you guys want to get a free card
and send it over my kids subscribe yeah
leave a comment I love MetroCard
[Music]
arrived at B&H with the one and only
maths style fee and I haven't been here
in so long girl bnh looks good on you
your psych boss lady girl I think I
found what I came here for I think I'm
gonna need that it's only ten thousand
guys so it's an 800 millimeter I mean oh
my goodness what is that guys what is
that recently I built my first custom he
see Austin Evans help me out here in the
spec but right now I'm finally getting
to hook it up to a monitor and not just
any monitor oh my goodness it is the LG
ultrawide monitor guys it's curved I've
always been a huge fan of the double
screens that's why i've had the Apple
Thunderbolt monitors for a very long
time but this this monitor I think is
going to get rid of the need for two I
still wanted a ton of screen real estate
but I didn't necessarily want like an
additional two monitors so I went with
the curved ultrawide monitor display
it's IPS so the color should be on point
in the PC build video I asked you guys
what accessories should I get in this
monitor it was actually a huge recommend
but then all of you guys said this mouse
and of course I had to get it in the
white and silver the medic neste too
intense and I'm gonna be honest this
keyword was something that I just bought
on a win from Amazon
whoo okay that sound though jonatha do
you think that's gonna get annoying if
I'm just over here
[Applause]
[Music]
office 227 or that ultra live
it's a seat kind of look like Steve Jobs
today you saying that twice like you
like you actually think those are the
words yeah true oh my good start oh yo
it looks like we're about to take off in
a spaceship and that's the control all
right family squad I am sorry to
disappoint but I actually don't have
time to plug everything in it was fun to
unbox I will play everything in get
everything set up let you know how the
PC is running once I'm back in town in a
few days because I am going to Los
Angeles and only like hours in 10 hours
so I gotta pack up some camera equipment
I am going I'm gonna have what I will be
doing in LA is the secret right now but
I would say the Sarah Stoke mist levels
are through the roof
[Music]
yeah sorry this is log Davey is a little
bit fragmented it's here and there but
life has been lit and while things have
been happening I want to keep you
up-to-date I don't want to say a special
thing to any new PG fan that is out
there that has subscribed to this
channel welcome we the most creative
family on YouTube because we're getting
new PG fam here and there I'm gonna do a
quick Q&A that maybe gives you a little
bit of context of Who I am where I've
been what I'm doing I took to Twitter I
was like yo ask me questions now what is
your Starbucks drink typically I will
take a iced coffee with coconut milk and
two pumps of vanilla what is your
suggestion for someone like me who has a
full-time job in Capricorn or a great
majority today I've made a few videos
and I love it wish I could do it every
day would be my dream job Victor just
create create as much as possible in the
beginning it is more important to create
quality than it is quantity I'm not
discounting the importance of quantity
but it's so important to find your jam
find what you love and to prove your
credibility within that sphere so when
the time comes for you to get a little
bit of an audience people have that
catalogues of videos to go to and be
like oh he knows what he's doing
she knows what she's doing what is it
like dating a vegan honestly it does
limit the options but for the better and
not the worst if you could be any
mythical creature which one would you be
I would be a peach what do you see
yourself working on in three years five
years I always think I'm gonna use video
and social media as a means to tell a
story that's stemming from my life to
hopefully educate and entertain and
inspire but hopefully in three to five
years I am more so in the business and
tech world I kind of like the idea of a
job that's not 100% relying on me as
like the face of everything but I love
this ish on YouTube so I don't think is
ever gonna stop I can just see it
shitty boy like this question what has
been your biggest struggle to YouTube
what has been the most amazing thing
that has happened cute so far on YouTube
I would say at the beginning when I
started to get more of an audience there
was always a thing back my head of how
am I going to make this my job so the
money side of it but because I loved it
so much and I was so passionate I was
always confident that the money was
gonna come the opportunities were gonna
come so I just kept pushing into my
craft but not only do I get to make just
whatever I want on here but I also get
to partner with brands in a way that's
cool and I get amazing experience that
would never happen
if it weren't for them and as an
extension of that I would say all of the
amazing amazing people I've met because
of this platform nothing is cooler than
the feeling of creating with another
human and seeing what they make and then
seeing what you make I mean just
yesterday what you saw on today's video
I was hanging with two amazing Polish
youtubers living in Japan is John just
as loud and fun normally as he is in the
vlogs so he's actually much chiller in
real life but he is as fun and loud so
he has those moments all of the time but
I think it's impossible to be just the
WoW person 24/7 I don't know if I could
be with that type of person Chris he's
not only funny and entertaining but he's
also very thoughtful and smart and
handsome talented so talented would you
ever direct a movie scripted content no
I'm a huge fan of it but I would never
make it documentaries yes
would you rather never vlog again or
never tweet again I'm not answering that
question are you in the low game
maybe what's your thoughts on Bitcoin is
it really the future like everyone says
will it take over the banks is
cryptocurrency the future
I think cryptocurrency and the
blockchain and all the technology around
it is truly kind of like the next
Internet I think it's going to change
how we function as a society so yes I'm
a believer in it but not necessarily as
the currency itself and the last
question is the daily peach permanently
off air the daily peach is a daily
podcast that I was doing for a few
months there and I was really enjoying
it I love podcasting I'm trying to
figure out my podcasting game and so I
really wanted to try with a short form
20-minute podcast like every single day
and it was fun but I've kind of found
that like I can't do anything that's a
daily I lasted like 30 days with
straight-up daily vlogs it kills me I
don't want to put out like short form
audio content because how I consume it
is hour long really meaty podcast and so
I also really enjoy interviewing people
that's honestly kind of how I got my
start into video with interviewing other
people are really dissecting what
they're in the middle of and
synthesizing applicable things that the
audience can take away and apply to
their lives and that's what I want to do
with a podcast so no it hasn't gone away
I'm just trying to figure out what my
role in this whole podcasting world is
and I will keep you guys informed if you
made it all the way to the end you're
still watching
you're the true peachy fan I hope you
guys enjoyed the QA and all of the fun
new PC gear I got all those links will
be in the description below make sure to
go check out these sick youtubers that I
hung out with in New York City yesterday
today I'm in LA just do one stuff
talking to the people making the moves
stay tuned shirt stay tuned fans stay
tuned stay tuned for the next video stay
peachy
okay bye
[Music]